Upgrade to V3 (#87)
xmtp/docs-xmtp-org: docs/pages/upgrade-to-v3.md

## Loading messages

- In V2, we used `listBatchMessages` to load all messages across conversations to help performantly load a conversation list in descending order by last message.
- In V3, because there is a local database. we can simply use `list(order: .lastMessage)`.

## Push notification differences

### Decryption

- In V1 and V2, we used intros V1 (`fromIntro`) and invites V2 (`fromInvite`) to decrypt invites and intros.
- In V3, new conversations are called welcomes, and we use `fromWelcome` to decrypt them.

### Getting topic IDs

- In V2, we used `/xmtp/0/invite-$address/proto` to get the topic identifier for a new conversation.
- In V3, we use `/xmtp/mls/1/w-$installationId/proto` to get the topic identifier for a new group chat or DM conversation.

## Installation-specific private keys

In V2, we had a `privateKeyBundle` that could be exported and imported into any SDK to create a client. This allowed users to migrate their identity across SDKs without re-signing with their wallet. In V2, we also had a consistent identity key that we used to sign and verify messages, and their static nature could make them a vulnerability over time.

> In V3, we have installation-specific key bundles that stored securely in the managed local database and rotated periodically, which adds a significant layer of security. This means that creating a V3 client is as simple as calling the `build` method with an address and a `dbEncryptionKey`, which retrieves the appropriate key bundle from the local database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In V3, we have installation-specific key bundles that are stored securely in the managed local database and rotated periodically, which adds a significant layer of security. This means that after a V3 client is created it is as simple as calling the `build` method with an address and a `dbEncryptionKey`, which retrieves the appropriate key bundle from the local database. With the added security of installation based keys it is no longer possible to export and import them into other clients. Calling create will create a new installation if a local database is not already present. However you inboxId should be the same across all installations.
```

> In V3, we have installation-specific key bundles that are stored securely in the managed local database and rotated periodically, which adds a significant layer of security. This means that after a V3 client is created it is as simple as calling the `build` method with an address and a `dbEncryptionKey`, which retrieves the appropriate key bundle from the local database. With the added security of installation based keys it is no longer possible to export and import them into other clients. Calling create will create a new installation if a local database is not already present. However your inboxId should be the same across all installations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In V3, we have installation-specific key bundles that are stored securely in the managed local database and rotated periodically, which adds a significant layer of security. This means that after a V3 client is created it is as simple as calling the `build` method with an address and a `dbEncryptionKey`, which retrieves the appropriate key bundle from the local database. With the added security of installation based keys it is no longer possible to export and import them into other clients. Calling create will create a new installation if a local database is not already present. Provided the same wallet is used for signing, your `inboxID` will be the same across all installations.
```

> In V3, we have installation-specific key bundles that are stored securely in the managed local database and rotated periodically, which adds a significant layer of security. This means that after a V3 client is created, it is as simple as calling the `build` method with an address and a `dbEncryptionKey`, which retrieves the appropriate key bundle from the local database. With the added security of installation-based keys, it is no longer possible to export and import them into other clients. Calling create will create a new installation if a local database is not already present. However, your inbox ID should be the same across all installations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In V3, we have installation-specific key bundles that are stored securely in the managed local database and rotated periodically, which adds a significant layer of security. This means that after a V3 client is created, it is as simple as calling the `build` method with an address and a `dbEncryptionKey`, which retrieves the appropriate key bundle from the local database. With the added security of installation-based keys, it is no longer possible to export and import them into other clients. Calling create will create a new installation if a local database is not already present. Provided the same wallet is used for signing, your `inboxID` will be the same across all installations.
```

To learn more, see [Build a chat inbox](/inboxes/build-inbox).

## Local databases mean no need to export/import topic data

In V3, a client creates and manages a local database. For this reason, we no longer need to export or import topic data.

## Loading messages

- In V2, we used `listBatchMessages` to load all messages across conversations to help performantly load a conversation list in descending order by last message.
- In V3, because there is a local database. we can simply use `list(order: .lastMessage)`.

## Push notification differences

### Decryption

- In V1 and V2, we used intros V1 (`fromIntro`) and invites V2 (`fromInvite`) to decrypt invites and intros.
- In V3, new conversations are called welcomes, and we use `fromWelcome` to decrypt them.

### Getting topic IDs

- In V2, we used `/xmtp/0/invite-$address/proto` to get the topic identifier for a new conversation.
- In V3, we use `/xmtp/mls/1/w-$installationId/proto` to get the topic identifier for a new group chat or DM conversation.

## Installation-specific private keys

> 

Author: @nplasterer Did I capture what you shared about v2 vs v3 identity accurately here? <3
